README.md, before:

# **Wawas Woods**

Wawas Woods is a small business set up to create custom made wooden items. The site is targeted at the prospective buyer who is in the market for something tailored to their exacting requirements. Wawas Woods will be useful to help guide people throught from project inception to delivery.

Welcome to the journey through [Wawas Woods](https://ewancolquhoun.github.io/wawaswoods/)

![Wawas Woods responsive design](assets/images/responsive.png)


# Features
---
Wawas Woods site is set up to be welcoming and easy to use. It contains many features that the user would be probably be familiar with. The overall feel of the website is intended to be inviting and not intimidating to encourage the user to explore further. <br> 
The color scheme, dark green and cream was chosen to contrast with the tan color of the wood in the materials and also provides a welcoming look to the site.

## Existing Features  
  * ### Styling
    * The color scheme, dark green and cream was chosen to contrast with the tan color of the wood in the materials and also provides a welcoming look to the site.
    * To aid with the inviting feel of the site a cursive style was chosen for the headings and sans-serif for the text body. The font chosen were; Caveat and Lato.

  * ### Navigation Menu

    * Sited at the top of all the pages in the site It is fully responsive and contains links to all the pages of the site to enable ease of navigation in one convenient location.
    * The logo is clickable with a link back to the home page for enhanced UX.

![Navigation bar image](assets/images/navbar.png)

  * ### Gallery

      * Located on the home page beneath the title section. It was intended to make the title section relatively plain to enable a focus on the images in the gallery.
      * A Responsively stlyed grid of images of past projects to give the user the idea of what is possible. The images are from the assets folder and have all been taken by the owner.

![Gallery image](assets/images/gallery.png)

  * ### About Us section

    * The About Us section lets the user know what Wawas Woods is and who we are. 
    * The combination of a family picture and the text will draw the user in further by instilling a confidence that the project will be taken care off by a small family business.
    * An inbedded link to the contact section in the text will help the user navigate quickly to the next step of the project process.

![About-Us image](assets/images/about-us.png)

  * ### Testimonials section

    * The testimonials section provides the user with some feeback from previous clients. There are three testimonials displayed giving a name, project name and some text.
    * They are styled with a box shadow to 'detach' them from the site to instill a sense of impartiality in th user.

![Testimonials section image](assets/images/testimonials.png)

* ### Footer
    
    * Contains social media links. To enhance the UX the links open in other tabs
    * The social medial presence will help the user with their research into Wawas Woods and will also encourage them to connect with Wawas Woods on social media.
    * To help the user with navigation on all devices a 'scroll to the top' arrow was added. It sticks to the bottom left of the screen at all times to give the user a quick and unobstructed way to the navigation bar. The arrow is semi-transparent with a light/dark contrasting border for use against all backgroundcolours.
    
![Footer image](assets/images/footer.png)

* ### Projects section

    * The projects page give the user an idea of the recent projects that have been worked on. It also shows a number of different wood working techinques and finishes to help inspire the user's design.
    * There are images of the recent projects. To help enhance the UX two slideshows have been added to allow the user to see more images of two of the pieces.
    * This section would be up-dated periodically to reflect new recently finished projects.

![Projects page image](assets/images/projects2.png)

* ### Inspiration section

    * The inspiration page is mainly there to demonstrate how a project starts and what is required to transform it into a finished project. It should inspire the user with the images of unfinished wood and get the user to imagine how that would look as a finished product.

![Inspiration page image](assets/images/inspiration.png)

* ### Contact Us section

    * This section should complete the online journey for the user. It has a map (location of real life workshop not shown due to privacy reasons), address, phone number and email address details.
    * In case the user would like to contact Wawas Woods directly there is an e-mail link icon. It opens the users default email provider with an email addressed to Wawas Woods.
    * There is a form that the user can choose to fill in. It has a 5 input fields, name, email, address, callback and a textarea. The call back button lets Wawas Woods know if the user would like a callback.
    * At the time of writing the form isn't functionsl

![Contact Us page image](assets/images/contact-us.png)

## Upcoming Features 

* A 'Shop' section for projects that have been completed and are ready for purchasing.
    * This would incorporate an e-commerce platform and an enhanced gallery page.
* An option to live stream the workshop.
    * Particularly of interest to those whose projects are underway.

# Testing
---

Commit message:

Add remaining content blanks to the README.md. Fix width bug with the iframe styling. Initial testing and fixes with W3C validator.

README.md, after:

# **Wawas Woods**

Wawas Woods is a small business set up to create custom made wooden items. The site is targeted at the prospective buyer who is in the market for something tailored to their exacting requirements. Wawas Woods will be useful to help guide people throught from project inception to delivery.

Welcome to the journey through <a href="index.html" target=_blank>Wawas Woods</a>

![Wawas Woods responsive design](assets/images/responsive.png)


# Features

Wawas Woods site is set up to be welcoming and easy to use. It contains many features that the user would be probably be familiar with. The overall feel of the website is intended to be inviting and not intimidating to encourage the user to explore further. <br> 
The color scheme, dark green and cream was chosen to contrast with the tan color of the wood in the materials and also provides a welcoming look to the site.

## Existing Features  
  * ### Styling
    * The color scheme, dark green and cream was chosen to contrast with the tan color of the wood in the materials and also provides a welcoming look to the site.
    * To aid with the inviting feel of the site a cursive style was chosen for the headings and sans-serif for the text body. The font chosen were; Caveat and Lato.

  * ### Navigation Menu

    * Sited at the top of all the pages in the site It is fully responsive and contains links to all the pages of the site to enable ease of navigation in one convenient location.
    * The logo is clickable with a link back to the home page for enhanced UX.

![Navigation bar image](assets/images/navbar.png)

  * ### Gallery

      * Located on the home page beneath the title section. It was intended to make the title section relatively plain to enable a focus on the images in the gallery.
      * A Responsively stlyed grid of images of past projects to give the user the idea of what is possible. The images are from the assets folder and have all been taken by the owner.

![Gallery image](assets/images/gallery.png)

  * ### About Us section

    * The About Us section lets the user know what Wawas Woods is and who we are. 
    * The combination of a family picture and the text will draw the user in further by instilling a confidence that the project will be taken care off by a small family business.
    * An inbedded link to the contact section in the text will help the user navigate quickly to the next step of the project process.

![About-Us image](assets/images/about-us.png)

  * ### Testimonials section

    * The testimonials section provides the user with some feeback from previous clients. There are three testimonials displayed giving a name, project name and some text.
    * They are styled with a box shadow to 'detach' them from the site to instill a sense of impartiality in th user.

![Testimonials section image](assets/images/testimonials.png)

* ### Footer
    
    * Contains social media links. To enhance the UX the links open in other tabs
    * The social medial presence will help the user with their research into Wawas Woods and will also encourage them to connect with Wawas Woods on social media.
    * To help the user with navigation on all devices a 'scroll to the top' arrow was added. It sticks to the bottom left of the screen at all times to give the user a quick and unobstructed way to the navigation bar. The arrow is semi-transparent with a light/dark contrasting border for use against all backgroundcolours.
    
![Footer image](assets/images/footer.png)

* ### Projects section

    * The projects page give the user an idea of the recent projects that have been worked on. It also shows a number of different wood working techinques and finishes to help inspire the user's design.
    * There are images of the recent projects. To help enhance the UX two slideshows have been added to allow the user to see more images of two of the pieces.
    * This section would be up-dated periodically to reflect new recently finished projects.

![Projects page image](assets/images/projects2.png)

* ### Inspiration section

    * The inspiration page is mainly there to demonstrate how a project starts and what is required to transform it into a finished project. It should inspire the user with the images of unfinished wood and get the user to imagine how that would look as a finished product.

![Inspiration page image](assets/images/inspiration.png)

* ### Contact Us section

    * This section should complete the online journey for the user. It has a map (location of real life workshop not shown due to privacy reasons), address, phone number and email address details.
    * In case the user would like to contact Wawas Woods directly there is an e-mail link icon. It opens the users default email provider with an email addressed to Wawas Woods.
    * There is a form that the user can choose to fill in. It has a 5 input fields, name, email, address, callback and a textarea. The call back button lets Wawas Woods know if the user would like a callback.
    * At the time of writing the form isn't functionsl

![Contact Us page image](assets/images/contact-us.png)

## Upcoming Features 

* A 'Shop' section for projects that have been completed and are ready for purchasing.
    * This would incorporate an e-commerce platform and an enhanced gallery page.
* An option to live stream the workshop.
    * Particularly of interest to those whose projects are underway.

# Testing

link to w3 validator
link to css (jigsaw) validator
devices and platforms tested on
interesting bugs - safari
unfixed bugs

# Deployment

describe the process of getting the project to git hub.
link to the live link.

# Credits

## Content

text, font, icons, youtube tutorials etc
## Media
where are the photos from

# Additional Notes
